It wasn't too long ago that if youwanted to build and deploy your ownproduct service, something like a SAS,that was going to cost you six months ofdevelopment, hundreds of thousands ofdollars, and a massive amount of effortwith probably a team of multipledevelopers. I know this because I didthat back in 2023. I was running my owntech startup. Had a small team ofdevelopers. We spent probably $400,000in about 2 years building thisapplication, and we didn't even reallyget that far. Now, today, with theadvancement of AI agents, you can buildsome really cool products that you canmonetize from day one in literally 10minutes. And no, that is not anexaggeration. I'm going to show you anexample of three products that I builtout, super simple, but that have aStripe and AI integration so that youcan start selling them immediately aslong as you have a good idea. Now, inorder for me to do this, of course, Iused an AI agent. And the particularagent that I'm going to show you todayis the Abacus AI deep agent. Now, thisis a part of the Chat LLM teamsubscription, which you can get for aslow as $10 per month. And if you wantadvanced use of deep agent, you wantmore credits, more usage of it, you canpay $20 per month and get access tothis. I'll leave a link to it in thedescription in case you want to check itout. But I've used this many times, havemany videos covering it, and that'sbecause it is genuinely super supercool. And I'm going to show you threeexamples right now. Okay, so let's hopinto these examples. And I'veintentionally picked ones that arerealistic and apps that you may actuallywant to build where you could genuinelystart making some money from them aslong as you have a little bit ofmarketing. Now, the first applicationthat I made is simply kind of a livetutoring application where you're ableto book tutoring sessions. So, a lot oftimes, you know, people want to offertutor offer tutoring services. Sorry. Inorder to do that, you need like somekind of calendar integration and usuallysome kind of payment provider. In mycase, I'm using Stripe. So, I just madea super simple landing page here by justprompting deep agent. I'll walk youthrough some of the prompts here in asecond where essentially it pitches me,you know, tech with Tim. Hey, if youwant to book a personalized tutoringsession, you can do that. Simple landingpage, you know, goes through the keykind of components here. And then youcan pick if you want to book a 30-minutsession or a 60-minute session. And youcan see a slight discount for the60-minute session. Now, in order forthis to work, I do actually need todeploy it. So, I'm just going to goahead and press on the deploy button.I'll just go with an abacus AI domain.And I'll just go tech with Tim. Okay.And we'll go ahead and deploy that. Andthen what I can do is just go to thisURL here. We'll wait a second. And youcan see that it loads up here prettyfast. We've got the animations. And if Iclick to book a 60-minute session, youcan see that it kind of brings up thispayment form. I can enter my informationhere. And then I can go pay $250 andcontinue. And what it's going to do isredirect me to a Stripe site here whereyou can see this is my company, Techwith Tim Freezone Company. and you'reable to enter your information and willpay $250 and then book the session. Ofcourse, I'm not going to do that becauseI don't want to waste my own money. Uh,but you get the idea. So, pretty coolsite, pretty straightforward. I'm goingto show you really quickly how I wasable to do that. So, again, like I said,I'm using Deep Agent. Now, the reallycool thing about Deep Agent is that ithas access to its own computer. So, if Iactually press, you can see this is kindof the current computer cuz it's notdoing anything. And I gave it a promptlike this where I said create a sleekminimal website for Tech with Timoffering this, you know, not too long,pretty straightforward prompt. It askedme a few questions so about the pricing,you know, duration, topics, etc. I gaveit the information and then it just toldme to put in my Stripe keys. Now, I'llblur these out because obviously I don'twant you to see them. These are realkeys, but I was able to put in thepublishable key and the secret key,which I got from my Stripe account, gaveme the instructions to find those, andthen it just set up the integration forme. It then went and built out theentire application. This took about 10minutes. And then I told it there wassome issue, right? Like the button topay doesn't seem to work. It actuallywent into the computer, load up theapplication, and started debugging it.Now, I want to show you what that lookslike because you can see it was runningall of these different computer actions,which is pretty cool. So, I'm just goingto run this kind of command here. Yousee it's changed the view a little bit.We're able to view the database, right?We also can view all of the differentcode, although right now it's currentlyrunning, so it's not giving us access tothat. But if I click on this littlecomputer view here, you'll see that thiswill actually start loading up differentwindows. It will start messing aroundwith the application and not only justcoding it out like a lot of the otheragents do, but actually running thecomputer action. So you see it justopened the browser for me. I'm justgoing to kind of watch it here for asecond and see what it does. Okay, soyou can see it just loaded up thewebsite here and now we got all thesecomputer actions. It is a little bitslow, but that's pretty normal here. Youcan see it's loaded up. It's scrollingdown and then it is going to go in andtype the information. Let's wait forthat to run. Okay. So, I can see it'skind of selecting the form here again.On every change, it does need to likerelook at the page. So, it should select60-minute session. Okay. Perfect. Thenit should enter some dummy data here.Okay. And it just took a second. Enteredthe kind of fake information. And that'sgoing to attempt to actually press onthe pay button hopefully at least. Okay.So, interesting. So, it's actually smartenough to know that it should open theconsole to see if there's any logsthere. So, it's done that. And now,let's see the next actions. Okay. Andthen it's pressed the payment button.It's seen that this page is actuallyloaded. So, it's working here. And thenit should tell us, you know, okay, allis good. I just wanted to show you thatit can actually run in its own browser.Has access to its own computer. It canrun commands. It can look at theterminal. It can look at the console,which is really interesting, and allowsit to make these really advancedapplications. So, I'm going to stop thatfor right now, and I want to go and showyou a few other demos. Okay. Okay, sohere's another quick demo. I'm justgoing to open up the deployed URL here.So, let's give it a second. This isessentially like a lead magnet. So, alot of times people have these reallycheap lead magnets that are like adollar, $5 where they're trying to drivea lot of traffic to the page and thenthey upsell you to another product lateron. So, here you can see we have thecomplete developer road map, right? Thisis just a fake road map. I don'tactually have one here. And you can buyit for $1. You just need to enter youremail. So, I'm going to enter the email.Go ahead and press on get it for $1. Andthen same thing, it's going to bring meto the Stripe link. Now, here I'mactually going to test the paymentbecause I want to see what happens next.Okay. And I just made the payment. Andyou see it brings me to this page hereand says, "All right, your road map isready. You can press this button anddownload it." And then it tries toupsell you here to the Dev Launchprogram, my like high ticket kind oftraining program, which is obviouslymuch more expensive. So, that's that.That's literally it. Pretty cool. I'mjust testing it again in like a real URLto make sure that this works. Don't gohere. This is not a real like thing. I'mnot trying to sell it to I'm just tryingto demonstrate this does indeed work.Okay, so that's one of the sites. Now,if you wanted to, of course, you canlook at the code. You can see all of itinside of the folder here. You can editthe code directly. You can have a lookinside of the database. You can go intothe debugger and you can manage all ofyour applications from their kind ofdeployment dashboard. So, if I just openthe lefth hand side here and I go to theapps view, you can see that we have allthese different apps that I've builtwith Deep Age and some of them deployed,some not. And I can configure thedomain. I can mess with the database.You know, I can change all of thestorage options and everything likethat. I can also then modify it, right,and keep working on it or take thisoffline and start making the changesmyself in my own code editor. Okay, sothose are two examples. Now, let's go tothe last one if I can find it here,which is an AI powered ré reviewer. Now,I'm going to deploy this one as well andthen let's check it out. Okay, so herewe go. This one's a little bit morecomplex where it does actually haveauthentication and you can upload yourresume and then get AI feedback on that.Let's give it a shot. Okay, so I justuploaded one of my students resumesactually because those are the ones thatare most accessible to me. And you cansee that it gives me some informationhere like the structure score, keywordscore, and clarity score. And I did thatby using an OpenAI integration directlywithin Deep Agent where I just passed itmy OpenAI API key. Gives me someinsights and then says if I want toupgrade for $9 a month, I could do that.Same thing. I could go here, make thepayment, and then we use the Stripeintegration as I did before and give meaccess to the premium features. I madethis with literally just one prompt.That was it. If we go back here, you cansee that there was one prompt where Iasked it what I want. It asked me forthe OpenAI API key. Again, I will deletethis afterwards. And then it just wentand it build the entire thing. And therewe go. We have a fully featuredapplication that we could start selling.Now, of course, you'd make someadjustments to it. We want to make it alittle bit better. you know, add someother features, make sure it's working100%. But generally, I'm very impressedwith Deep Agent. I have used it a tonover the past 6 months, and I'd highlyrecommend you check it out if you wantto build applications like this wherethey have real integrations and canactually be useful and start making youmoney from day one. So, with that said,guys, that's all I had to show you inthis video. If you thought this wasinteresting, make sure to leave a like,subscribe, and I will see you in thenext one.